so russian-made weapons are inferior to
those used by Chinese and NATO troops so
thanks the head of Russia's ground
forces who expressed his opinion today
during a defence and security meeting as
it comes after Russia registered a
record 10 billion dollars in profit from
arms exports last year prime time Jacob
Greece is armed with more details for as
Jacob I'm sure that many people will be
aware that the likes of the US are
recognized as having superior weapons
but given that what's so stand out about
this statement where's your writing it's
not all that surprising when you look at
the figures for instance like you said
and mention the US will they actually
spend about 10 times as much as Russia
and it comes to its military also you
got other nation countries of Britain
France and then there's a lot to try and
they're all above Russia and a constant
military spending so you expect them to
be putting aside more when it comes to
research and development now really it's
not about what's been said rather how
it's been said it particularly by who
he's given quite a damning report when
it comes to the state of Russian
manufacturing in the areas of armor
artillery and small arms say on compared
to China and NATO well really not on
parent has a quality also cost
effectiveness as well he highlighted one
example the t90 tank russia's main
battle tank saying that costs about four
million million dollars per unit to
manufacture and actually you can look to
a German liqueur lovin you could
actually buy three of those the same
price although this is a setback there
are already some changes going on in the
the military aren't there yes there are
the government plans over the course of
the next nine years to spend 650 billion
dollars modernizing Russia's military
now that's going to mean acquiring a
thousand new helicopters 600 aircraft
and also a hundred ships so a lot of
money is going to be spent on weapons
procurement rather than further research
and development and creating more new
more-advanced Russian weapons in the
future that's are going to mean buying
other countries as well perhaps NATO
countries old adversaries and also I
mean that's going to create
a bit of controversy has already with
the planter by French mr. class amphibia
salt vessels this though or these
reforms are going to go hand in hand
with cutbacks to the size of Russia's
army and really they need to if these
are to work they plan to cut the size
back and in its place make sure that
Russia's our army in the future is much
better trained to operate such weapon
systems okay well thanks for bringing us
up to speed that's a correspondent Jake
agrees there
you